but it came to pass when all the people
had completely crossed over the Jordan
that the Lord spoke to Joshua take for
yourselves 12 men from the people one
man from every tribe and command then
saying take for yourselves twelve stones
from here out of the midst of the Jordan
from the place where the priests feet
stood firm you shall carry them over
with you and leave them in the lodging
place where you Lodge tonight
then Joshua called the twelve men whom
he had appointed from the children of
Israel one man from every tribe and
Joshua said to them cross over before
the Ark of the Lord your God into the
midst of the Jordan and each one of you
take up a stone on his shoulder
according to the number of the tribes of
the children of Israel that this may be
a sign among you when your children ask
in time to come saying what do these
stones mean to you then you shall answer
them
that the waters of the Jordan were cut
off before the Ark of the Covenant of
the board when it crossed over the
Jordan the waters of the Jordan were cut
off and these stones shall be for a
memorial to the children of Israel
forever and the children of Israel did
sin just as Joshua commanded and took up
twelve stones from the midst of the
Jordan as the Lord had spoken to Joshua
according to the number of the tribes of
the children of Israel and carried them
over with them to the place where they
launched and laid them down there then
Joshua set up twelve stones in the midst
of the Jordan in the place where the
feet of the priest who bore the Ark of
the Covenant stood and they are there to
this day so a priest who bore the Ark
stood in the midst of the Jordan until
everything was finished that the Lord
had commanded Joshua to speak to the
people according to all that Moses had
commanded Joshua
and the people how did and crossed over
then it came to pass when all the people
had completely crossed over that the Ark
of the Lord and the priests frost early
in the presence of the pineal and the
men of Reuben the man of God and half
the tribe of manasseh crossed over armed
before the children of Israel as Moses
had spoken to about forty thousand
prepared for war crossed over before the
Lord for battle to the plains of Jericho
on that day the Lord exalted Joshua in
the sight of all Israel and they feared
him as they had feared Moses all the
days of his life then the Lord spoke to
Joshua command the priests who bear the
ark of the testimony to come up from the
Jordan Joshua therefore commanded the
priests come up from the Jordan and it
came to pass when the priests who bore
the Ark of the Covenant of the Lord had
come from the midst of the Jordan and
the souls of the priests feet touched
the dry land that the waters of the
Jordan returned to their place
and overflowed all its banks as before
how the people came out from the Jordan
on the tenth day of the first month and
they camped in Gilgal on the East border
of Jericho
and those twelve stones which they took
out of the Jordan
Joshua set up in Gilgal then he spoke to
the children of Israel when your
children ask their fathers and time to
come saying what are these stones then
you shall let your children know saying
Israel crossed over this Jordan on dry
land for the Lord your God dried up the
waters of the Jordan before you until
you had crossed over as the Lord your
God did to the Red Sea which he dried up
before us until we had crossed over that
all the peoples of the earth may know
the hand of the Lord that it is mighty
that you may fear the Lord your God
forever
you
[Music]